HeeJin: Well, you should practice how to act like a robot before shooting, right?
Kim Lip: (Lip PD is back) It’s out of focus~
HeeJin: ViVi, you have to act like a robot from now on!
Kim Lip: Oh…
(Found her hidden talent!)
HaSeul:  Oh, ViVI... How did you do that?
HaSeul: You’re dance god dance king! (Chum shin chum wang)
Kim Lip: Dance god dance king!
Kim Lip: It’s not that easy to say! Dance! God! Dance! King!
Kim Lip: ViVi, say ‘dance king dance god”
ViVi: Dance king dance god~
(Now she can say a phrase that is difficult to pronounce without problem!)
HeeJin: Dance god dance king!
Kim Lip: It’s not easy, right?
HaSeul: What?
HaSeul: Is that a set for the next filming?
Kim Lip: What is that?
ViVi: Love & Live!
Kim Lip: Really?
HaSeul: I MISS YOU NOW!!
Kim Lip: They’re so excited~
ViVI: Don’t run!
HeeJin: She said don’t run!
Kim Lip: She said that a robot shouldn’t run~
HeeJin: Cute...
Kim Lip: HeeJin, stand next to them~
Kim Lip: Oh~
Kim Lip: It looks pretty here~
Kim Lip: You can do it well! Fighting!!
(The scene couldn't be made without members' help!)